A
Abelar Hightower, challenger at the tourney at Ashford Meadow.
Addam, a knight.
Addam Frey, a knight at the Whitewalls tourney, cousin to Lady Butterwell.
Addam Marbrand, a knight in the service of House Lannister. Heir to Ashemark.
Addam Osgrey, son of Eustace Osgrey, slain on the Redgrass Field during the First Blackfyre Rebellion.
Addam Velaryon, a dragonrider during the Dance of the Dragons.
Addison Hill, a former member of the Kingsguard.
Aegon Blackfyre, son of Daemon Blackfyre, killed at the Redgrass Field during the Blackfyre Rebellion.
Aegon Frey, called Jinglebell. A halfwit fool at the Twins, killed by Catelyn Stark.
Aegon Frey, called Bloodborn. Eldest son of Ser Aenys Frey. Outlaw of the riverlands.
Aegon I Targaryen, called the Conqueror. First King of the Seven Kingdoms.
Aegon II Targaryen, killed in the Dance of the Dragons.
Aegon III Targaryen, called the Dragonslayer and Dragonsbane.
Aegon IV Targaryen, called the Unworthy.
Aegon V Targaryen, called Egg and the Unlikely.
Aegon Targaryen, infant son of Rhaegar. Killed during the Sack of King's Landing.
Aegon Targaryen, eldest son of King Aenys I Targaryen
Aegon Targaryen, youngest son of Prince Baelon Targaryen
Aegon Targaryen, eldest son of King Jaehaerys I and Queen Alysanne. Died young.
Aegor Rivers, called "Bittersteel". A legitimized bastard of Aegon IV and rebel to the throne.
Aelinor Penrose, queen to Aerys I.
Aemma Arryn, daughter of Lord Arryn and Princess Daella Targaryen, first wife to King Viserys I Targaryen, mother of Queen Rhaenyra Targaryen.
Aemon Blackfyre, son of Daemon Blackfyre, killed at the Redgrass Field during the Blackfyre Rebellion.
Aemon Costayne, a singer.
Aemon Estermont, eldest son and heir to Lord Eldon Estermont, loyal to King Joffrey.
Aemon Rivers, son of "Bastard" Walder Rivers of house Frey.
Aemon Targaryen, called the Dragonknight and member of the Kingsguard.
Aemon Targaryen, a maester in the Night's Watch.
Aemond Targaryen, the brother of Aegon II.
Aenys Frey, a knight, third son of Lord Walder Frey.
Aenys I Targaryen, Aegon the Conqueror's son.
Aerion Targaryen, called Brightflame.
Aeron Greyjoy, called Damphair, eighth son of Lord Quellon Greyjoy, and a priest of the Drowned God.
Aerys I Targaryen, second son of King Daeron II, succeeded by his younger brother Maekar.
Aerys II Targaryen, last Targaryen King, also known as "the Mad King".
Aethan
Aethelmure, a Grand Maester of the Citadel, long dead.
Aggar
Aggo, a member of Daenerys's khas, and later her bloodrider.
Aglantine, a septa.
Agrivane, an archmaester.
Aladale Wynch, knight of the Night's Watch
Alan
Alannys Harlaw, wife of Balon Greyjoy.
Alaric of Eysen, a singer.
Alayaya, daughter of Chataya and whore in her upscale King's Landing brothel.
Albar Royce, a knight and heir to the Gates of the Moon.
Albett, a new-member of the Night's Watch.
Alebelly, a Winterfell guard.
Alekyne Florent.
Alequo Adarys, known as "Goldentongue".
Alerie Hightower, daughter of Lord Leyton Hightower and wife to Lord Mace Tyrell. Mother of Willas, Garlan, Loras and Margaery Tyrell.
Alesander Frey, a singer.
Alesander Staedmon, Lord of Broad Arch, called the Pennylover.
Alesander Torrent, Lord of Littlesister.
Alester Florent, Lord of House Florent, Hand of the King to Stannis Baratheon.
Alester Norcross.
Alester Oakheart.
Alfyn, called "Crowkiller," a wildling leader.
Alia of Braavos, a singer at King Joffrey's wedding.
Alicent Hightower, second wife and queen of Viserys I, mother of Aegon II.
All-for-Joffrey.
Alla Tyrell, daughter of ser Leo Tyrell and far cousin to Margaery.
Allaquo, a mummer.
Allar Deem, a brutal captain of the King's Landing City Watch.
Allard Seaworth, second son of Ser Davos Seaworth.
Alliser Thorne, knight. Brother of The Night's Watch and master-at-arms of Castle Black.
Allyria Dayne, sister to Ser Arthur Dayne and to Ashara Dayne. Betrothed to Lord Beric Dondarrion.
Alvyn Sharp
Alyce
Alyce Graceford, Lady of Godsgrace.
Alyn, a Winterfell guard.
Alyn Ambrose, a squire, betrothed to Alla Tyrell.
Alyn Cockshaw
Alyn Connington
Alyn Estermont, a knight, son of ser Aemon Estermont, loyal to King Joffrey.
Alyn Frey
Alyn Haigh
Alyn Hunt
Alyn Stackspear, a knight of the westerlands.
Alyn Velaryon, known as the Oakenfist.
Alys Arryn
Alys Karstark, only daughter of Lord Rickard Karstark.
Alysane Mormont, the daughter of Lady Maege Mormont.
Alysanne Bracken, the daughter of Lord Jonos Bracken.
Alysanne Bulwer, lady of Blackcrown.
Alysanne Hightower
Alysanne Lefford, Lady of the Golden Tooth.
Alysanne of Tarth
Alysanne Osgrey
Alysanne Targaryen, sister and wife to King Jaehaerys I Targaryen.
Alys Frey, wife and cousin to Ser Jared Frey. She is long dead.
Alyssa Arryn, long-ago Lady of House Arryn, mythical namesake of the waterfall Alyssa's Tears.
Alyssa Blackwood
Alyx Frey
Amabel
Amarei Crakehall
Ambrode
Ambrose Butterwell
Amerei Frey, known as "Gatehouse Ami".
Amory Lorch, a landed knight and vile bannerman of House Lannister.
Andar Royce, a knight and heir to Runestone.
Anders Yronwood, foster father of Prince Quentyn Martell. He is titled Warden of the Boneway and the Bloodroyal.
Andrew Estermont, a knight, son of Ser Lomas Estermont, loyal to King Stannis.
Andrey Charlton, a knight sworn to House Frey, killed by Lannisters.
Andrey Dalt, close companion of Arianne Martell and heir to Lemonwood.
Andrik, called "the Unsmiling". A powerful raider of the Iron Islands.
Andros Brax, Lord of Hornvale, killed during the Battle of the Camps.
Androw Ashford, a knight at the tourney at Ashford Meadow, oldest son of Lord Ashford.
Androw Frey
Anguy, called "the Archer". A skilled archer of the brotherhood without banners.
Annara Farring, the seventh wife of Lord Walder Frey.
Antario Jast, a lord sworn to House Lannister, captured by Stark forces at the Battle of Oxcross.
Anvil Ryn
Anya Waynwood, Lady of Ironoaks Castle, keeps Harrold Hardyng as her ward.
Archibald Yronwood, a knight.
Ardrian Celtigar, Lord of Claw Isle.
Areo Hotah, Captain of the Guards of House Martell.
Argilac, called "the Arrogant". The last Storm King.
Argrave the Defiant
Arianne Martell, daughter of Prince Doran, heir to Sunspear.
Arianne of Tarth
Arlan of Pennytree, a hedge knight, master of Dunk.
Armen
Armond Caswell
Arneld
Arnell, a knight of the Night's Watch; his mother was a Fossoway.
Arnolf Karstark
Aron Santagar, master-at-arms of the Red Keep.
Arrec Durrandon, the Storm King who lost the riverlands to the ironborn led by Harwyn Hoare.
Arron, a Night's Watch recruit.
Arron Qorgyle, a knight, second son of Lord Quentin Qorgyle and companion of Prince Oberyn Martell at King's Landing.
Artys Arryn, the Winged Knight.
Arryk, a famous member of the Kingsguard who slew and was slain by his brother Erryk during the Dance of the Dragons.
Arryk, called either "Left" or "Right". One of Olenna Redwyne's bodyguards.
Arson
Arthor Karstark, the second son of Arnolf Karstark.
Arthur Ambrose, Lord of Ambrose and sworn to House Tarly.
Arthur Dayne, called "Sword of the Morning". A hero of the Kingsguard. Slain at the Tower of Joy.
Artos Stark
Arwood Frey
Arwyn Frey, first daughter of Lady Annara Farring and Lord Walder Frey.
Arwyn Oakheart, Lady of Old Oak.
Arya Stark, daughter of Lord Eddard Stark, also called Underfoot, Cat of the Canals, and Arry, among others.
Arys Oakheart, member of the Kingsguard and younger son of Lady Arwyn Oakheart.
Asha Greyjoy, daughter of Lord Balon Greyjoy.
Ashara Dayne, sister to Ser Arthur Dayne. Some say she is the real mother of Jon Snow.
Lord Ashford, arranged the Ashford tourney.
Assadora of Ibben, a prostitute working in Braavos.
Aubrey Ambrose, supporter of Daemon Blackfyre.
Aurane Waters, called "The Bastard of Driftmark".
Axell Florent
Ayrmidon
Azzak, a child hostage in Meereen, of the Ghazeen family.
Azor Ahai, legendary hero of the R'hllor faith.


B
Bael the Bard, a King-Beyond-the-Wall.
Baela Targaryen, daughter of Prince Daemon Targaryen and Lady Laena Velaryon
Baelon Targaryen, of Dragonstone
Baelon Targaryen, son of King Viserys I Targaryen and Queen Aemma Arryn.
Baelor Blacktyde
Baelor Hightower, called "Brightsmile", heir to Lord Leyton.
Baelor I Targaryen, called "Baelor the Blessed" or "Baelor the Beloved".
Baelor Targaryen, called "Breakspear". Eldest son and heir of King Daeron II until his death.
Ballabar, maester of the Arbor.
Balman Byrch
Balon Botley, eldest son of Lord Germund Botley.
Balon Greyjoy, Lord Reaver of Pyke.
Balon Swann, a very skilled knight, younger son of Lord Gulian Swann.
Bandy
Bannen, a skilled ranger of the Night's Watch.
Barba Bracken
Barbara Bracken, the daugther of Lord Jonos.
Barbrey Dustin, Lady of Barrowton.
Barra, a bastard of King Robert I.
Barre, a septon.
Barristan Selmy, called "the Bold". Lord Commander of the Kingsguard under both Aerys II and Robert I.
Barsena Blackhair, a pit fighter in Meereen.
Barth
Barth, a brewer who lives near Winterfell.
Barthogan Stark, known as Barth Blacksword
Bass
Bayard Norcross
Bearded Ben, a member of the Night's Watch.
Beardless Dick, a member of the brotherhood without banners.
Becca
Becca the Baker
Beck
Bedwyck, called "Giant". A diminutive ranger of the Night's Watch.
Belandra, a servant.
Belaquo Bonebreaker, a pit fighter in Meereen.
Beldecar
Belgrave
Belis, a pyromancer.
Bella, claims to be a bastard of King Robert I.
Bellegere Otherys, the Black Pearl. Mistress to Aegon IV.
Bellegere Otherys, the current Black Pearl.
Bellena Hawick
Bellonara Otherys, the mother of the current Black Pearl.
Belwas, called "Strong Belwas". A eunuch and former pit-fighter.
Ben, an orphan.
Ben, better known as "Big Belly Ben".
Ben Blackthumb, old blacksmith of Harrenhal.
Ben Bones, kennelmaster at the Dreadfort.
Ben Bushy, known as "Big Ben".
Ben Plumm, known as "Brown Ben Plumm".
Benedar Belmore, the Lord of Strongsong.
Benedict
Benedict Broom, master-at-arms at Casterly Rock.
Benfred Tallhart, eldest son of Ser Helman Tallhart.
Benfrey Frey, a knight, twentieth son of Lord Walder Frey and husband to Jyanna Frey, his cousin.
Benjen Stark, a man of the Night's Watch and First Ranger of Castle Black.
Benjen the Bitter, King in the North.
Benjen the Sweet, King in the North.
Bennard Brune, the Knight of Brownhollow.
Bennarion Botley, younger son of Lord Sawane Botley.
Bennet, a septon.
Bennis of the Brown Shield, hedge knight in the service of Eustace Osgrey.
Beqqo, a fishmonger in Braavos.
Beren Tallhart, second son of Leobald Tallhart.
Berena Hornwood, sister of Lord Halys Hornwood and wife to Leobald Tallhart.
Beric Dondarrion, Lord of Blackhaven.
Beron Stark
Beron Blacktyde
Bertram Beesbury
Bess Bracken, the daughter of Lord Jonos.
Bessa
Bessa, a tavern wench.
Beth Cassel, daughter of Rodrik Cassel.
Bethany (Blushing Bethany)
Bethany Bolton, the second wife of Lord Roose Bolton
Bethany Bracken
Bethany Fair-Fingers
Bethany Redwyne, wife to Lord Mathis Rowan.
Bethany Rosby, sixth wife to Lord Walder Frey.
Betharios of Braavos
Bhakaz zo Loraq, a child hostage in Meereen.
Bharbo, the father of Khal Drogo.
Big Boil
Biter, a cannibal and prisoner in the black cells of King's Landing.
Black Balaq, a sellsword.
Black Bernarr, a member of the Night's Watch.
Black Jack Bulwer, a ranger of the Night's Watch.
Blane, a member of the Night's Watch.
Blind Doss, a free folk leader.
Bloodbeard, commander of the Company of the Cat.
Bluetooth, a longship captain.
Bodger
Bonifer Hasty, called "the Good". The pious leader of the "Holy Hundred".
Borcas
Boremund Harlaw
Boros Blount, a knight of the Kingsguard, known to be a coward.
Borroq, a skinchanger.
Bors, a servant.
Bowen Marsh, First Steward of the Night's Watch.
Boy, an orphan.
Bradamar Frey
Brandon Norrey, the Norrey.
Brandon Stark, Eldest son of Lord Rickard Stark and older brother of Ned.
Brandon Stark, a former Lord of Winterfell.
Brandon Stark, son of Lord Eddard, simply called "Bran".
Bran the Builder, legendary figure who built The Wall.
Brandon the Bad, King in the North.
Brandon the Burner, a legendary King in the North.
Brandon the Daughterless.
Brandon the Shipwright, a legendary King in the North.
Brandon Tallhart
Branston Cuy, Lord of Sunflower Hall.
Brea, daughter of Brusco.
Brella
Brenett
Briar, a skinchanger.
Brienne of Tarth, only living daughter of Lord Selwyn Tarth.
Brogg, a wildling leader.
Bronn, a dangerous mercenary known to be exceptionally shrewd and agile.
Brown Bernarr, a member of the Night's Watch.
Brusco, a Braavosi fishmonger.
Bryan Frey
Bryan Fossoway, a member of House Fossoway of Cider Hall, the Red Apple Fossoways.
Bryan of Oldtown, a merchant-adventurer.
Bryce Caron, Lord of Nightsong and of the Marches. Bryce the Orange of King Renly's Rainbow Guard.
Bryen
Bryen Caron, long dead Lord of Nightsong and of the Marches, father to Lord Bryce Caron and to Ser Rolland Storm.
Bryen Farring, royal squire of King Stannis.
Brynden Rivers, Lord Bloodraven. Bastard son of Aegon IV.
Brynden Tully, called "the Blackfish", younger brother to Lord Hoster Tully.
Buford Bulwer
Bump, a wildling child.
Burton Crakehall, a knight, younger brother to Lord Roland Crakehall.
Butterbumps, fat fool of the Tyrell household.
Buu
Byam Flint, a member of the Night's Watch.
Byan Votyris
Byren Flowers, called "Black Byren". Supporter of Daemon Blackfyre.
Byron, a hedge knight.


C
Cadwyl
Cadwyn
Lord Cafferen, Lord of Faunton during Robert's Rebellion.
Craghas Drahar
Caleotte
Calon, a Winterfell boy, Cayn's son.
Camarron of the Count, a pit fighter in Meereen.
Canker Jeyne, a dockside prostitute in Braavos.
Carellen Smallwood, daughter of Lord Theomar Smallwood.
Carolei Waynwood
Carrot, a mule-handler.
Cass
Cassana Estermont of House Estermont, wife to Lord Steffon Baratheon and mother of King Robert, Lord Stannis and Lord Renly.
Cassella Vaith
Lord Caswell, Lord of Bitterbridge and father of Lorent Caswell.
Castos, an Archmaester.
Catelyn Bracken, the daughter of Lord Jonos Bracken.
Catelyn Stark, a daughter of House Tully and wife to Eddard Stark.
Cayn, a Winterfell guard.
Cedra, a servant.
Cedric Payne
Cedrik Storm
Cellador, a septon and brother of the Night's Watch.
Cerenna Lannister, daughter of Stafford Lannister.
Cerrick, maester at Coldmoat.
Cersei Frey, called "Little Bee", daughter of Ser Raymund Frey.
Cersei Lannister, daughter of Lord Tywin, wife of King Robert, twin to Ser Jaime.
Cetheres, an Archmaester.
Chataya, mistress of an upscale brothel in King's Landing.
Chayle, septon of Winterfell.
Chella, a member of the Black Ears.
Chett, a steward of the Night's Watch.
Cheyk, the father of Chella.
Chiggen, a mercenary.
Chiswyck, a soldier under Ser Gregor Clegane's command.
Clarence Charlton, a knight at the Whitewalls Tourney.
Clarence Crabb
Clarence Crabb, called "the Short".
Clarent Crakehall, a knight during Dance of the Dragons.
Clayton Suggs, a knight.
Clement, a brother on the Quiet Isle.
Clement Crabb
Clement Piper, Lord of Pinkmaiden.
Cleon, a slave of Grazdan Mo Ullhor, also a butcher and cook.
Cleos Frey, a knight, eldest son of Ser Emmon Frey and cousin to Lannisters.
Cletus Yronwood, the son of Lord Anders Yronwood.
Cley Cerwyn, heir to Cerwyn.
Cleyton Caswell, suitor of Rohanne Webber.
Clifford Conklyn, claimant to Lady Webber's Leafy Lake.
Clubfoot Karl, a steward of the Night's Watch.
Clydas, steward of the Night's Watch.
Cohollo, the oldest of Khal Drogo's bloodriders.
Coldhands, a mysterious figure from beyond the Wall that can control ravens. This ability suggests he is a skinchanger.
Colemon, maester of the Eyrie.
Colen of Greenpools, a hedge knight at the service of Lord Renly Baratheon.
Colin Florent, brother to Alester Florent.
Collio Quaynis
Colmar Frey
Conn
Conwy, a recruiter of the Night's Watch.
Coratt, the father of Conn.
Corliss Penny, a knight.
Corlys Velaryon
Cortnay Penrose, a knight and castellan of Storm's End.
Cosgrove
Cossomo, a magician in Braavos.
Cotter Pyke, commander at Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
Courtenay Greenhill, a household knight.
Cragorn, a member of Euron Greyjoy's crew.
Craster, a brutal wildling friend of the Night's Watch.
Crawn
Cregan Karstark, son of Arnolf Karstark.
Cregan Stark, a renowned warrior who once fought the Dragonknight.
Creighton Longbough, a hedge knight.
Creighton Redfort, the son of Lord Horton Redfort.
Cressen, old maester at Dragonstone.
Criston Cole
Cuger, a new member of the Night's Watch.
Cutjack
Cynthea Frey
Cyrenna Swann


D
Daario Naharis, the captain of the Stormcrows.
Dacey Mormont, a warrior and heiress of Bear Island.
Dacks, a squire.
Daegon Shepherd
Daella Targaryen, daughter of King Jaehaerys I Targaryen and Alysanne Targaryen, mother of Aemma Arryn.
Daella Targaryen, daughter of Maekar I Targaryen.
Daemon I Blackfyre, a Targaryen Great Bastard legitimized, leader of the Blackfyre Rebellion.
Daemon II Blackfyre, third son of Daemon Blackfyre.
Daemon Sand, a knight, called "The Bastard of Godsgrace".
Daemon Targaryen, younger brother of King Viserys I Targaryen and husband of Rhaenyra Targaryen.
Daena Targaryen, sister and wife of King Baelor I Targaryen, and the mother of Daemon Blackfyre. She was called "the Defiant".
Daenerys Targaryen, the daughter of Aegon IV.
Daenerys Targaryen, the last known family member of House Targaryen.
Daeron I Targaryen, called the "Young Dragon"
Daeron II Targaryen, called the Good.
Daeron Targaryen, third son of Viserys I by Alicent Hightower.
Daeron Targaryen, eldest son of Maekar I Targaryen. Also known as "the Drunken".
Daeron Vaith, Lord of the Red Dunes.
Daeryssa, Princess saved by Serwyn of the Mirror Shield.
Dafyn Vance, a knight of the riverlands.
Dagmer, called "Dagmer Cleftjaw" and "the Cleftjaw". An infamous raider of the ironmen.
Dagon Ironmaker, grandson of Erik Ironmaker.
Dagon Greyjoy
Dagos Manwoody, Lord of Kingsgrave.
Dake, a sheep thief.
Dake, a guard.
Dalbridge, a veteran ranger of the Night's Watch.
Dale Drumm
Dale Seaworth, eldest son of Ser Davos Seaworth and his heir.
Dalla
Dalla, a servant on Dragonstone.
Damion Lannister, appointed castellan of Casterly Rock.
Damon, called "Damon Dance-for-Me", one of Ramsay Bolton's Bastard's Boys.
Damon Lannister, the Grey Lion
Damon Lannister, eldest son of Ser Jason Lannister (son of Gerold)
Damon Paege, a knight.
Damon Shett, the Knight of Gull Tower.
Damon Vypren, a knight and heir to Lord Lucias Vypern.
Dan, called Hempen Dan. A wildling raider.
Dancy, a whore at Chataya's brothel.
Danelle Lothston
Danny Flint
Danos Slynt, son of Janos Slynt.
Danwell Frey, a knight, tenth son of Lord Walder Frey and husband to Lady Wynafrei Whent.
Dareon, an apprentice singer made to join the Night's Watch.
Darla Deddings
Darlessa Marbrand, mother of Tyrek Lannister.
Daryn Hornwood, heir to Hornwood.
Daughter of the Dusk, a courtesan.
Daven Lannister, a valiant knight, son of Ser Stafford Lannister.
Davos Seaworth, the "Onion Knight". A landed knight loyal to Stannis Baratheon.
Deana Hardyng
Del, a wildling raider.
Delena Florent, mother of King Robert's bastard Edric Storm.
Della Frey
Delonne Allyrion
Delp, a guard of Riverrun.
Denestan
Dennet, a knight of the brotherhood without banners.
Dennis Plumm
Denyo Terys
Denys Arryn, "the Darling of the Vale", a knight, heir to his cousin Lord Jon Arryn.
Denys Darklyn
Denys Drumm
Denys Mallister, an old and valorous knight, commander at the Shadow Tower.
Denys Redwyne, a squire.
Denyse Hightower
Dermot of the Rainwood, a knight.
Desmond, a guard of Winterfell.
Desmond Grell, a knight and master-at-arms of Riverrun.
Desmond Redwyne
Devan Seaworth, a squire of Stannis Baratheon.
Devyn Sealskinner, a wildling leader.
Deziel Dalt, the Knight of Lemonwood.
Dhazzar, called "the Dancer", a child hostage in Meereen.
Dick, known as Fletcher Dick, the most skilled archer of Kingswood Brotherhood.
Dick Crabb
Dick Follard, a member of the Night's Watch known as "Deaf Dick"
Dickon Frey
Dickon Manwoody, second son of Lord Dagos Manwoody.
Dickon Tarly, son of Lord Randyll Tarly and heir of Horn Hill.
Dirk, a member of the Night's Watch.
Dobber
Dolf son of Holger, Shagga's father.
Domeric Bolton, dead son of Lord Roose Bolton and heir.
Donal Noye, one-armed blacksmith of the Night's Watch at Castle Black, formerly of Storm's End.
Donel Greyjoy
Donella Hornwood, Lady of Hornwood.
Donnel Drumm
Donnel Haigh, a knight of the riverlands in the service of House Frey.
Donnel Hill, called "Sweet Donnell Hill" of the Night's Watch.
Donnel Locke, a knight, heir of Oldcastle.
Donnel of Duskendale, a knight in Daeron II Targaryen's Kingsguard.
Donnel Waynwood, knight of the Bloody Gate and second son of Lady Anya Waynwood.
Donnis
Donnor Stark
Dontos Hollard, called "the Red". A drunkard knight, the last of his House.
Donyse, a septa in King's Landing.
Doran Martell, Lord of Sunspear and Prince of Dorne.
Dorcas, a handmaiden of Cersei Lannister.
Dorea Sand, seventh of the Sand Snakes, illegitimate daughter of Oberyn Martell and Ellaria Sand.
Doreah, a handmaiden of Daenerys Targaryen and former pleasure slave.
Dormund, one of many Tormund Giantsbane's sons.
Dornish Dilly, a member of the Night's Watch.
Dorren Stark
Draqaz, a child hostage in Meereen.
Drennan
Drogo, an undefeated Dothraki khal.
Dryn, a son of Tormund Giants-bane.
Dudley
Dunaver, a knight at Harrenhal in Tywin's service.
Duncan, called "Ser Duncan the Tall". The Hedge Knight. Later Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.
Duncan Targaryen, called Duncan the Small and the Prince of Dragonflies. Son of Aegon V.
Dunsen, called "Shitmouth". A soldier under Gregor Clegane.
Dunstan Drumm
Duram Bar Emmon, Lord of Sharp Point.
Durran, called "Durran Godsgrief". The semi-legendary first Storm King.
Dyah
Dykk Harlaw, an Ironborn raider placed under Theon's authority.
Dywen, a veteran ranger of the Night's Watch.


E
Easy, a member of the Night's Watch.
Ebben, one of Qhorin's rangers in the Night's Watch.
Ebrose, an Archmaester at the Citadel.
Eddara Tallhart
Eddard Karstark, third son of Rickard Karstark.
Eddard Stark, Lord of Winterfell and Lord Protector of the North.
Edderion Stark
Eddison Tollett, a squire of the Night's Watch, called "Dolorous Edd".
Eden Risley
Edgerran Oakheart
Edmund Ambrose
Edmure Tully, a knight, only son and heir of Lord Hoster Tully.
Edmyn Tully, first Lord Tully of Riverrun.
Edric Dayne, the young Lord of Starfall, squire to Lord Beric Dondarrion.
Edric Storm, a bastard of Robert Baratheon and Delena Florent, fostered at Dragonstone.
Edrick Stark
Edwyd Fossoway, a knight of the Red Apple Fossoways.
Edwyle Stark, long dead Lord of Winterfell, father of Lord Rickard and grandfather of Lord Eddard.
Edwyn Frey, son of ser Ryman Frey and husband to Janyce Hunter.
Edwyn Osgrey, son of Eustace Osgrey, slain on the Redgrass Field.
Edwyn Stark
Eggon, a soldier under Ser Gregor Clegane.
Eglantine, a septa.
Egon Emeros
Elaena Targaryen
Elbert Arryn, Jon Arryn's nephew, killed by King Aerys II Targaryen.
Elder Brother, the Elder Brother on the Quiet Isle.
Eldiss
Eldon Estermont, the old Lord of Greenstone.
Eldred Codd
Eleanor Mooton, the heir of House Mooton.
Eleyna Westerling, daughter of Lord Gawen Westerling.
Elia Sand, fifth of the Sand Snakes, illegitimate daughter of Oberyn Martell and Ellaria Sand.
Elia Martell, sister to Prince Doran Martell and wife of Prince Rhaegar Targaryen.
Elinor Tyrell, daughter of Ser Theodore Tyrell and betrothed to Alyn Ambrose. Cousin to Margaery.
Ellaria Sand, paramour of Oberyn Martell and mother of the four youngest Sand Snakes. Bastard daughter of Lord Harman Uller.
Ellery Vance
Ellyn Tarbeck, Lady wife of Lord Tarbeck, killed in the extermination of Houses Tarbeck and Reyne.
Elmar Frey, twenty-eighth son of Lord Walder Frey.
Elron
Elwood
Elwood Meadows, Lord of Grassy Vale.
Elyana Vypren
Elyas Willum, Lord Willum's second son.
Elyn Norridge
Elys Waynwood
Elys Westerling, a knight of House Westerling during the War of the Usurper.
Elza, or Ella, a deceased weaver slave once owned by Grazdan zo Galare, whose name he has forgotten.
Emberlei Frey
Emma
Emmon Cuy, a knight called "the Yellow". One of Renly's Rainbow Guard.
Emmon Frey, second son of Lord Walder Frey, husband to Genna Lannister.
Emmond, a Drowned Man.
Emphyria Vance
Emrick, a Night's Watch recruit.
Endehar, an ironborn raider placed under Theon's authority.
Endrew Tarth, a knight of the Night's Watch.
Enger
Eon Hunter, old Lord of Longbow Hall.
Erena Glover.
Erik Ironmaker, an old ironborn raider.
Ermesande Hayford, the infant Lady of Hayford.
Eroeh, a Lhazareen.
Erreck
Erreg
Erren Florent, a knight, son of Ser Ryam Florent.
Errok
Erryk, a famous member of the Kingsguard who slew and was slain by his brother Arryk during the Dance of the Dragons.
Erryk, called either "Left" or "Right". One of Olenna Redwyne's bodyguards.
Esgred, mother of Sigrin.
Ethan Glover, former squire to Brandon Stark.
Euron Greyjoy, called "Crow's Eye", fifth son of Lord Quellon Greyjoy.
Eustace, a disgraced septon in Braavos.
Eustace, a septon at the Red Keep during the reign of Viserys I.
Eustace Brune
Eustace Hunter, the son of Lord Eon Hunter.
Eustace Osgrey, a landed knight.
Eyron Stark
Ezzara, a Blue Grace of Meereen.
Ezzelyno, a red priest of R'hllor.


F
Falena Stokeworth
Falia Flowers, the bastard daughter of Lord Hewett.
Falyse Stokeworth, heiress of Stokeworth and wife to Ser Balman Byrch.
Farlen, kennelmaster of Winterfell.
Lord Farman of Fair Isle, raided by Dagon Greyjoy's ironmen.
Fearless Ithoke, a pit fighter in Meereen.
Lord Fell of Felwood
Fern
Ferny
Ferrego Antaryon, Sealord of Braavos.
Ferret
Flement Brax, a knight of the westerlands, third son of Lord Andros Brax.
Fogo
Forley Prester, a knight, cousin to Lord Garrison Prester of Feastfires.
Fornio
Franklyn Fowler, Lord of Skyreach.
Franklyn Frey
Fralegg
Frenken, maester of Stokeworth.
Frenya, a wildling spearwife.
Frynne, the daughter of a smith.


G
Gage, head cook at Winterfell.
Galazza Galare, the Green Grace.
Galbart Glover, Master of Deepwood Motte.
Galladon of Morne, a legendary knight.
Galladon of Tarth
Gallard, an archmaester of the Citadel.
Galt, a Stone Crow.
Galtry the Green
Galyeon of Cuy, a singer.
Gared, an earless veteran ranger of the Night's Watch.
Gareth Clifton, a knight and husband to Lady Jeyne Farman.
Gareth the Grey
Garigus, a Pyromancer.
Garin, an orphan of the Greenblood and old friend of Princess Arianne Martell.
Garin, a Prince of the Rhoynar.
Gariss, a guard of Winterfell.
Garizon, an Archmaester of the Citadel.
Garlan Tyrell, called "the Gallant", knight and second son of Lord Mace Tyrell.
Garrett Flowers, bastard son of Garth Tyrell.
Garrett Paege, a squire.
Garrison Prester, Lord of Feastfires.
Garse Flowers, bastard son of Garth Tyrell.
Garse Goodbrook, husband of Kyra Frey.
Garth of Greenaway, a ranger of the Night's Watch.
Garth Greenhand, legendary first king of the Reach.
Garth XII Gardener, King in the Reach.
Garth Greenfield
Garth Greyfeather a ranger of the Night's Watch.
Garth Hightower, a knight and fourth son of Lord Leyton Hightower.
Garth of Oldtown, a ranger of the Night's Watch.
Garth Tyrell, called "the Gross", uncle to Lord Mace Tyrell.
Gascoyne of the Greenblood, a knight and sworn shield to Prince Trystane Martell.
Gavin the Trader, a wildling leader.
Gawen Glover
Gawen Swann
Gawen Westerling, Lord of the Crag.
Gawen Wylde, formerly master-at-arms of Storm's End during the War of the Usurper.
Gelmarr the Grim, an ironborn raider in Theon's crew.
Gendel, King-Beyond-the-Wall.
Gendry, apprentice blacksmith and bastard son of Robert Baratheon.
Genna Lannister, wife to Ser Emmon Frey and sister to Lord Tywin Lannister.
Gerald Gower, a knight at the service of King Stannis Baratheon.
Gerardys, former Grand Maester.
Gerion Lannister, youngest son of Lord Tytos Lannister.
Gerold Dayne, called the "Darkstar".
Gerold Grafton, the Lord of Gulltown.
Gerold Hightower, called "The White Bull". Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.
Gerold Lannister
Gerren
Gerrick Kingsblood, a wildling raider.
Gerris Drinkwater, a knight.
Gevin Harlaw, member of House Harlaw and of Theon's crew.
Ghael
Ghost of High Heart, an old sage.
Gilbert Farring, a knight loyal to Stannis.
Gillam, a brother on the Quiet Isle.
Gilly, a Wildling girl.
Gilwood Hunter
Gladden Wylde, a knight of Rain House.
Glendon Flowers
Glendon Hewett
Goady
Godric Borrell, Lord of Sweetsister.
Godry Farring, called the Giantslayer.
Godwyn
Goghor the Giant, a pit fighter in Meereen.
Goodwin
Gorghan of Old Ghis, a scholar.
Gormon Peake, a supporter of Daemon Blackfyre.
Gormon Tyrell
Gormond Drumm
Gormond Goodbrother
Gorne, King-Beyond-the-Wall.
Gorold Goodbrother
Gowen Baratheon
Gran Goodbrother
Grance Morrigen, a knight who attended the Ashford Tourney.
Grazdan
Grazdan, founder of the ancient Ghiscari Empire.
Grazdan mo Eraz, an envoy and nobleman.
Grazdan mo Ullhor, a rich slave trader.
Grazdan zo Galare, a Meereenese noble.
Grazdar zo Galare, a child hostage in Meereen.
The Great Walrus, a wildling leader from the Frozen Shore.
Green Gergen
Greenbeard, a member of the brotherhood without banners. His true name is Pello of Tyrosh.
Gregor Clegane, the Mountain that Rides.
Grenn, a ranger of the Night's Watch.
Gretchel
Grey King, legendary first king of the Isles.
Grey Worm, captain of Daenerys's Unsullied.
Greydon Goodbrother
Griffin King
Grigg, better known as Grigg the Goat, a Wildling raider.
Grisel
Grisella, a skinchanger.
Groleo, captain of Saduleon.
Grubbs, a ranger of the Night's Watch.
Grunt, one of Ramsay Bolton's Bastard's Boys.
Gueren, a recruiter of the Night's Watch.
Gulian, a maester.
Gulian Qorgyle
Gulian Swann, Lord of Stonehelm and father of Ser Donnel and Ser Balon Swann.
Guncer Sunglass, Lord of Sweetport Sound.
Gunthor, a clansmen from the Mountains of the Moon.
Gunthor Hightower
Gurn, father of Gunthor.
Guthor Grimm, Lord of Greyshield.
Guyard Morrigen, a knight, the Green of the Rainbow Guard.
Guyne, an Archmaester of the Citadel.
Gwayne Corbray, Kingsguard of Daeron II.
Gwayne Gaunt
Gwayne Hightower, younger brother of Queen Alicent.
Gwin Goodbrother
Gwynesse Harlaw
Gylbert Farwynd, Lord of the Lonely Light.
Gyldayn, an Archmaester at the Citadel who wrote a history of the Dance of the Dragons.
Gyleno Dothare
Gyles, known as "Gyles Greycloak".
Gyles Farwynd, heir of the Lonely Light.
Gyles III Gardener, King in the Reach.
Gyles Grafton, the son of Lord Gerold Grafton.
Gyles Rosby, Lord of Rosby.
Gyloro Dothare
Gynir
Gysella Goodbrother


H
Haegon Blackfyre
Haggo, Khal Drogo's bloodrider.
Haggon, a skinchanger.
Hairy Hal, a member of the Night's Watch.
Hake, a steward of the Night's Watch.
Hal, known as Hal the Hog.
Halder, a new member of the Night's Watch.
Haldon, called Halfmaester.
Hali
Hallis Mollen, commander of the Guard of Winterfell after Jory Cassel.
Hallyne, a pyromancer and Wisdom of the Guild of Alchemists in King's Landing.
Halmon Paege
Halys Hornwood, Lord of Hornwood.
Hamish the Harper
Harbert, old uncle to Lord Steffon Baratheon and castellan at Storm's End.
Harbert Paege
Hareth, a Grand Maester.
Hareth, a stablehand from Mole's Town.
Harghaz, an animal handler in the fighting pits of Meereen, and attempted dragonslayer.
Harlan Grandison, knight of Aerys's Kingsguard, replaced by Ser Jaime Lannister.
Harlan Hunter
Harle the Handsome
Harle the Huntsman
Harlen Tyrell
Harlon Botley, a younger son of Lord Sawane Botley.
Harlon Greyjoy
Harma, called "Dogshead", a captain in Mance Rayder's army.
Harmen Uller, Lord of Hellholt.
Harmond Umber, former Lord of the Last Hearth.
Harmund Sharp
Harmune
Harodon, an archmaester of the Citadel.
Harra
Harrag Hoare
Harrag Sharp, also known as "Sheepstealer", a member of Prince Theon Greyjoy's crew.
Harras Harlaw
Harren Botley
Harren Half-Hoare, an ironborn raider.
Harren Hoare, known as "Black Harren", the builder of Harrenhal.
Harrion Karstark, eldest son and heir of Lord Rickard Karstark.
Harrold Hardyng, called "Harry the Heir".
Harrold Osgrey, son of Eustace Osgrey, slain on the Redgrass Field.
Harrold Westerling, Lord Commander of the Kingsguard
Harry Sawyer
Harry Strickland, captain of the Golden Company.
Harsley
Harwin, a Winterfell guard.
Harwin Strong
Harwood Fell, Lord of Felwood.
Harwood Stout
Harwyn Hoare, grandfather to Harren Hoare, he conquered the riverlands by defeating the Storm King, Arrec.
Harwyn Plumm
Harys Haigh
Harys Swyft, Hand of King Tommen. "Good-father" (father-in-law) of Kevan Lannister via Kevan's marriage to Harys' daughter Dorna.
Hayhead
Hazrak zo Loraq, called "the Handsome", a famous ancestor of the House of Loraq.
Hazzea, a Ghiscari child, apparently killed by Drogon.
Helaena Targaryen
Helicent Uffering, Roland Uffering's sister, at Coldmoat.
Helliweg, a maester.
Helly
Helman Tallhart, the Knight of Torrhen's Square.
Helya
Hendry Bracken, a knight, nephew and heir to Lord Jonos Bracken.
Henk the Helm, a wildling raider.
Henly, a maester.
Henly, a stableman in Ashford.
Herbert Bolling
Heward
Hibald, a fearful and niggardly merchant.
High Sparrow, the High Septon.
Hilmar Drumm
Hizdahr zo Loraq, King of Meereen.
Lord Commander Hoare, a leader of the Night's Watch.
Hoarfrost Umber, former Lord of the Last Hearth.
Hobb, "Three Fingers", cook of the Night's Watch.
Hobber Redwyne, called "Slobber". A knight. Son of Lord Paxter Redwyne, twin to Horas.
Hod
Hodor, a giant, lackwit stableboy at Winterfell. His true name is Walder.
Hoke
Holger, grandfather of Shagga.
Holly, a wildling spearwife.
Hop-Robin, a Night's Watch recruit.
Horas Redwyne, called "Horror". A knight. Son of Lord Paxter Redwyne, twin to Hobber.
Horton Redfort
Hosman Norcross.
Hosteen Frey, a knight of House Frey.
Hoster Frey
Hoster Tully, Lord of Riverrun.
Hot Pie, friend to Arya Stark.
Hother Umber, called "Whoresbane". An uncle to the Greatjon.
Hotho Harlaw
Howd Wanderer, a wildling leader.
Howland Reed, Lord of Greywater Watch and old friend to Lord Eddard Stark.
Hubard Rambton, a knight of the crownlands.
Hugh, Ser Hugh of the Vale.
Hugh Beesbury
Hugh Hammer
Hugo Vance
Hugo Wull, the Wull.
Hugor of the Hill, the King of the Andals.
Hullen, Harwin's father.
Humfrey Beesbury
Humfrey Clifton
Humfrey Hardyng
Humfrey Hewett
Humfrey Swyft
Humfrey Wagstaff
Hunnimore, a maester.
Husband, owner of the Inn near the Ruby Ford.
Hyle Hunt


I
Iggo, a Brave Companion.
Igon Vyrwel, Captain of the Guards at Highgarden.
Illifer, known as the Penniless.
Illyrio Mopatis, a magister of the Free City of Pentos.
Ilyn Payne, a knight and King's Justice, the royal executioner.
Imry Florent, a knight, son of ser Ryam Florent.
Iron Emmett, master-at-arms of the Night's Watch.
Ironbelly
Irri, a handmaiden of Daenerys Targaryen.


J
Jacelyn Bywater, called "Ironhand", a knight.
Jack-Be-Lucky
Jacks, a Winterfell guard.
Jaehaera Targaryen
Jaehaerys I Targaryen, called The Old King and The Conciliator.
Jaehaerys Targaryen, son of King Aegon II Targaryen
Jaehaerys II Targaryen, father of Aerys II.
Jafer Flowers, a ranger of Night's Watch.
Jaggot
Jaime Frey, a newborn babe.
Jaime Lannister, called "the Kingslayer".
Jalabhar Xho, exiled prince of the Red Flower Vale on the Summer Islands.
Jammos Frey
Janei Lannister
Janna Tyrell
Janos Slynt, Commander of the City Watch in King's Landing.
Jaqen H'ghar
Jared Frey
Jaremy Rykker, second ranger of the Night's Watch.
Jarl, a wildling.
Jarmen Buckwell, ranger of the Night's Watch.
Jason Mallister, Lord of Seagard.
Jason Lannister
Jasper Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie.
Jasper Wylde, called "Ironrod", master of laws during the reign of Viserys I.
Jasper Redfort, the son of Lord Horton Redfort.
Jasper Waynwood
Jate
Jate Blackberry
Jayde
Jayne Bracken, the daughter of Lord Jonos Bracken.
Jeffory Mallister, companion of Brandon Stark, executed by King Aerys.
Jeffory Norcross, called "Neveryield".
Jenny of Oldstones.
Jeor Mormont, the "Old Bear", Lord Commander of the Night's Watch.
Jeren, a new member of the Night's Watch.
Jeyne, known as "Squinty Jeyne".
Jeyne Arryn
Jeyne Beesbury
Jeyne Darry
Jeyne Fossoway, of the green-apple Fossoways.
Jeyne Goodbrook
Jeyne Heddle, the niece of Masha Heddle.
Jeyne Lothston
Jeyne Lydden
Jeyne Poole, Vayon Poole's daughter and a friend to Sansa Stark.
Jeyne Rivers
Jeyne Swann
Jeyne Waters
Jeyne Westerling, wife of Maegor I.
Jeyne Westerling, wife of Robb Stark.
Jhaqo, a Dothraki khal.
Jhezane, a child hostage in Meereen.
Jhiqui, a handmaiden of Daenerys Targaryen.
Jhogo, Daenerys' bloodrider.
Joanna Lannister, late wife of Tywin Lannister.
Joanna Swyft
Jocelyn Swyft
Jodge
Joffrey Baratheon, eldest son of King Robert I and heir to the Iron Throne.
Joffrey Caswell, Lord of Bitterbridge during the reign of Aerys I.
Joffrey Lonmouth
Johanna Swann
Jojen Reed, son of Howland Reed, Lord of Greywater Watch.
Jommo
Jommy, in service to House Baratheon.
Jon, known as Jon O'Nutten.
Jon Arryn, Hand of the King.
Jon Bettley
Jon Brax
Jon Bulwer
Jon Connington, Hand of the King under Aerys II.
Jon Cupps
Jon Fossoway, a knight of the Green Apple Fossoways.
Jon Heddle, known as Long Jon Heddle.
Jon Hollard
Jon Lynderly, the Lord of the Snakewood.
Jon Myre
Jon Penny, a child at the Crossroads Inn.
Jon Penrose
Jon Pox
Jon Redfort, the son of Lord Horton Redfort.
Jon Snow, bastard son of Lord Eddard Stark.
Jon Umber, called the Greatjon. Lord of the Last Hearth.
Jon Umber, called the Smalljon. Heir to the Last Hearth.
Jon Vance, a Maester.
Jon Waters
Jon Wylde
Jonella Cerwyn, daughter of Lord Medger Cerwyn.
Jonnel Stark
Jonos Bracken, Lord of Stone Hedge.
Jonos Frey
Jonos Stark
Jonothor Darry, knight of Aerys's Kingsguard, brother to Ser Willem Darry.
Jorah Mormont, son of Jeor Mormont, knight in exile, once Lord of Bear Island.
Jorah Stark
Joramun
Jorelle Mormont, the daughter of Lady Maege Mormont.
Jorgen, a peasant of Coldmoat.
Jorquen
Jory Cassel, Captain of the Guard at Winterfell, nephew of Ser Rodrik Cassel.
Joseran
Joseth
Joseth Mallister
Josmyn Peckledon, a squire.
Joss
Joss Stilwood, squire to Ser Gregor Clegane.
Joss the Gloom, a mummer.
Josua Willum, Lord Willum's eldest son.
Joth Quickbow
Jothos Slynt
Joy Hill, bastard daughter of Gerion Lannister.
Joyeuse Erenford, the eighth wife of Lord Walder Frey.
Jurne
Justin Massey, a knight.
Jyana, the wife of Howland Reed.
Jyanna Frey
Jyck
Jynessa Blackmont
Jyzene


K
Kaeth, author of Lives of Four Kings.
Karlon Stark, founder of House Karstark.
Karyl Vance, Lord of Wayfarer's Rest.
Kedge Whiteye, a ranger of the Night's Watch.
Kedry, a maester.
Kegs
Kella
Kemmett Pyke
Kenned
Kennos of Kayce, a knight entrusted with the Horn of Herrock.
Ketter
Kevan Lannister, brother of Lord Tywin.
Kezmya, a child hostage in Meereen, of the Pahl family.
Khorane Sathmantes
Khrazz, a pit fighter in Meereen, later made bodyguard to Hizdahr zo Loraq.
the Kindly Man, a Faceless Man of Braavos.
Kirby Pimm
Kirth Vance
Knight of Ninestars, slain by Daemon Blackfyre on the Redgrass Field.
Kojja Mo, a member of the crew of the Cinnamon Wind.
Koss
Kraznys mo Nakloz
Krazz, a pit fighter.
Kromm
Kurleket, a Bracken man-at-arms who accompanies Catelyn and Tyrion through the Mountains of the Moon.
Kurz
Kyle, a hedge knight called the Cat of Misty Moor.
Kyle, a member of the brotherhood without banners.
Kyle Condon
Kyle Royce
Kyleg of the Wooden Ear, a free folk leader.
Kym
Kyra, a young woman of Winterfell.
Kyra Frey


L
Lady of the Leaves
Laena Velaryon
Laenor Velaryon
Lambert Turnberry
Lamprey, gaoler at Dragonstone.
Lancel V Lannister, a King of the Rock, killed by Wilbert Osgrey.
Lancel Lannister, son of Kevan Lannister. A squire to King Robert Baratheon.
Lann the Clever, a legendary trickster.
Lanna
Lanna, a young prostitute working at the Happy Port in Braavos.
Lanna Lannister
Larence Snow, called "the Bastard of Hornwood".
Lark the Sisterman
Larra Blackmont
Larraq, called "the Lash", a former slave now in training as a squire to Ser Barristan Selmy.
Larys Strong, also called "Larys Clubfoot", Lord of Harrenhal and master of whisperers during the reign of Viserys I.
Layna
Leana Frey, an infant.
Leathers, a wildling who joins the Night's Watch.
Left Hand Lew, a member of the Night's Watch.
Lem, called "Lemoncloak". A member of the brotherhood without banners.
Lem, one of Standfast's peasants.
Lenn
Lennocks
Lenwood Tawney
Lenyl
Leo Blackbar
Leo Lefford, Lord of the Golden Tooth.
Leo Tyrell, called Lazy Leo, a novice of the Citadel.
Leo Tyrell, Lord of Highgarden. Called Leo Longthorn.
Leo Tyrell, the son of Victor Tyrell.
Leobald Tallhart, castellan of Torrhen's Square.
Leona Tyrell
Leona Woolfield, wife of Ser Wylis Manderly.
Leonella Lefford
Leonette Fossoway, wife of Ser Garlan Tyrell.
Leslyn Haigh
Lester, a Lannister guardsman.
Lester Morrigen, Lord of Crows Nest.
Lew, a guard at Winterfell.
Lew, known as Long Lew.
Lewis Lanster, a sellsword archer with the Windblown.
Lewyn Martell, member of the Kingsguard.
Lewys
Lewys Lydden
Lewys Piper, a squire.
Leyla Hightower
Leyton Hightower, Voice of Oldtown, Lord of the Port, Lord of the Hightower, Defender of the Citadel and Beacon of the South.
Lharys
Lia Serry
Liane Vance
Likely Luke, a member of the brotherhood without banners.
Lister
Lollys Stokeworth, dim-witted younger daughter of Tanda Stokeworth.
Lomas Estermont
Lommy Greenhands, a boy on his way to join the Night's Watch.
Lomys, a maester.
Loras Tyrell, Knight of Flowers.
Lorcas, an acolyte.
Loren Lannister, last King of the Rock, knelt to Aegon I the Dragon.
Lorent Lorch
Lorent Marbrand, a member of the Kingsguard during the reign of Viserys I.
Lorent Tyrell
Loreza Sand, eighth of the Sand Snakes. Illegitimate daughter of Oberyn Martell and Ellaria Sand.
Lorimer
Lormelle
Lorren, called "Black Lorren". An infamous ironborn raider.
Lothar
Lothar Frey, called "Lame Lothar".
Lothar Mallery
Lotho Lornel, a book dealer in Braavos.
Lothor Brune, a freerider.
Lucamore Strong
Lucan
Lucantine Woodwright, a household knight.
Lucas Blackwood, heir to Raventree Hall.
Lucas Codd
Lucas Corbray
Lucas Inchfield, called "The Longinch."
Lucas Lothston
Lucas Nayland
Lucas Roote
Lucas Tyrell
Luceon Frey, a septon, one of the Most Devout.
Lucias Vypren
Lucifer Hardy
Lucimore Botley
Lucion Lannister
Luco Prestayn
Lucos, a septon.
Lucos Chyttering
Luke of Longtown, a member of the Night's Watch.
Lum
Luthor Tyrell, the previous Lord of Highgarden.
Luthor Tyrell, the son of Ser Moryn Tyrell.
Luthor Tyrell, the son of Ser Theodore Tyrell.
Luton, a man-at-arms sworn to House Bolton.
Luwin, maester at Winterfell.
Lyanna Mormont, the youngest of Maege Mormont's daughters. Named after Lyanna Stark.
Lyanna Stark, late sister of Eddard Stark.
Lyessa Flint, Lady of Widow's Watch.
Lyle Crakehall, called the "Strongboar". Famed knight and battle commander.
Lyman Beesbury, master of coin during the reigns of Jaeharys I and Viserys I.
Lyman Darry
Lymond Goodbrook
Lymond Lychester
Lymond Mallister
Lymond Vikary
Lyn Corbray, master swordsman and suitor to Lysa Arryn.
Lync
Lynesse Hightower, estranged second wife of Ser Jorah.
Lyonel, a knight.
Lyonel Baratheon, called “The Laughing Storm”.
Lyonel Bentley
Lyonel Corbray
Lyonel Frey
Lyonel Selmy
Lyonel Strong
Lyonel Tyrell, Lord of Highgarden.
Lyonel Tyrell, son of Leo Tyrell.
Lyra Mormont, the daughter of Lady Maege Mormont.
Lysa Arryn, a daughter of House Tully and widow of Jon Arryn.
Lysa Meadows, the wife of Ser Olymer Tyrell.
Lysono Maar, a sellsword and spymaster of the Golden Company.
Lythene Frey, the wife of Ser Lucias Vypren.


M
Mace Tyrell
Mad Huntsman, a brutal member of the brotherhood without banners.
Maddy
Maege Mormont, Lady of Bear Island.
Maegelle Frey
Maegor I Targaryen, called the Cruel.
Maekar Targaryen
Maelor Targaryen
Maelys Blackfyre, known as Maelys the Monstrous.
Maerie, kwown as Goodwife Maerie.
Maerie, known as Maerie the Whore.
Mag Mar Tun Doh Weg, called "Mag the Mighty", King of the Giants.
Maggy the Frog, a seer.
Mago
Malcolm
Mallador Locke
Malleon
Malliard
Mallor, a knight.
Mallor, called Mallor the Dornishman.
Malwyn Frey
Mance Rayder, The King beyond the Wall.
Mandon Moore, a knight of King Robert's Kingsguard.
Manfred Dondarrion, Lord of House Dondarrion.
Manfred Lothston
Manfred Swann
Manfrey Martell
Manfryd Lothston, o' the Black Hood.
Manfryd Yew
Marei
Margaery Tyrell, daughter of Lord Mace Tyrell.
Marghaz zo Loraq, a cousin of Hizdahr zo Loraq, later made commander of the Brazen Beasts.
Margot Lannister
Marianne Vance
Maric Seaworth
Marillion, a singer
Maris
Marissa Frey
Mariya Darry
Mark Mullendore
Mark Ryswell
Marlon Manderly
Maron Botley
Maron Greyjoy, killed during the Greyjoy Rebellion.
Maron Martell
Maron Volmark
Marq Grafton, Targaryen loyalist in Gulltown.
Marq Piper, heir to Pinkmaiden.
Marq Rankenfell
Marsella Waynwood
Matarys Targaryen
Martyn Cassel
Martyn Lannister
Martyn Mullendore, Lord of Uplands.
Martyn Rivers
Marwyn, an archmaester of the Citadel.
Marwyn Belmore
Marya Seaworth, a cobbler's daughter before her marriage to Lord Davos.
Masha Heddle
Maslyn
Matarys Targaryen
Mathis Frey
Mathis Rowan, Lord of Goldengrove.
Mathos Mallarawan
Matrice
Matt
Matthar
Matthos Seaworth, son of Davos Seaworth.
Mawney
Maynard, a knight held at the bridge.
Maynard Plumm
Mazdhan zo Loraq, called "the Magnificent", a famous ancestor of the House of Loraq.
Mebble
Medgar Tully
Medger Cerwyn
Medwick Tyrell, a Maester.
Meera Reed, daughter of Howland Reed.
Meg, called Swampy Meg.
Megga Tyrell
Meha
Meizo Mahr
Mela
Melaquin
Melara Crane, wife of Lord Alester Florent, Lady of Brightwater Keep.
Melara Hetherspoon, childhood friend of Cersei Lannister.
Meldred Merlyn, Lord of Pebbleton.
Melesa Crakehall
Melessa Florent
Meliana
Melicent, a septa.
Melisandre of Asshai, called "The Red Woman".
Melissa Blackwood, mistress of King Aegon IV Targaryen and mother of Bloodraven.
Mellara Rivers
Mellei, a servant.
Mellos
Melly
Melwyn Sarsfield
Melwys Rivers
Meralyn, owner of the Happy Port.
Meredyth Crane
Merianne Frey
Meribald, a wandering septon.
Merling Queen, a courtesan.
Merlon Crakehall
Mern Gardener
Mero, the Titan's Bastard, leader of the Second Sons.
Merrell Florent
Merrett Frey, called Muttonhead.
Merrit
Merry Meg
Meryn Trant, a knight of Robert's Kingsguard.
Mezzara, a child hostage in Meereen, of the Merreq family.
Michael Mertyns, known as the "White Owl".
Mikken, blacksmith of Winterfell.
Miklaz, a child hostage in Meereen.
Mina Tyrell
Minisa Whent, late wife of Lord Hoster Tully, mother to Catelyn, Lysa, and Edmure.
Mirri Maz Duur, a maegi, or witch-woman.
Missandei, a slave girl.
Moelle, a septa.
Mohor
Mollander
Mollos
Monford Velaryon
Monster, the nickname of Gilly's unnamed infant son.
Monterys Velaryon
Moon Boy, a fool at King's Landing.
Moonshadow, a courtesan.
Moqorro, a red priest.
Mord, a gaoler in the Eyrie.
Mordane, a septa at Winterfell.
Moredo Prestayn, captain of the Vixen.
Moreo Tumitis
Morgarth, a hedge knight.
Morgil, called "the Evil"
Moribald Chester, Lord of Greenshield.
Morna White Mask, a wildling warrior witch and raider.
Moro, a Dothraki khal that appears in A Game of Thrones.
Moro, a Dothraki khal that aided in the destruction of the Sarnori.
Morosh the Myrman, a sellsail admiral.
Morra, a servant.
Morrec
Morros Slynt
Mors Manwoody
Mors Martell
Mors Martell, a younger brother of Doran Martell, died in infancy.
Mors Umber, called Crowsfood, the Greatjon's uncle.
Mortimer Boggs
Morton Waynwood
Morya Frey
Moryn Tyrell
Mother Mole, a free folk woods witch.
Mudge, a member of the brotherhood without banners.
Mudge, miller's son.
Mudge, a swineherd who aided the Faith.
Mullin
Mully
Munciter
Munda
Murch, a Night's Watch recruit.
Murch, a skilled huntsman in service to House Stark.
Murenmure
Murmison
Mushroom, a dwarf, court fool of King Viserys I Targaryen
Muttering Bill, a member of the Night's Watch.
Mya Stone, bastard daughter of King Robert.
Mycah, a butcher's boy at Winterfell
Mychel Redfort
Mylenda Caron
Myles
Myles, the squire of Ser Desmond Grell.
Myles Manwoody
Myles Mooton, squire to Prince Rhaegar Targaryen.
Myles Smallwood
Myranda Royce, the widowed young daughter of Lord Nestor Royce.
Myrcella Baratheon, daughter of Robert Baratheon and Cersei Lannister.
Myria Jordayne, heir to the Tor.
Myriah Martell
Myrielle Lannister, a daughter of Ser Stafford Lannister.
Myrtle, a wildling spearwife.
Mysaria, a Lynesi dancing girl from a whorehouse in King's Landing


N
Naerys Targaryen
Nage
Nail, an apprentice blacksmith and armorer.
Nan, called "Old Nan". Longtime servant at Winterfell.
Narbert, a brother on the Quiet Isle.
Narbo, a cutpurse.
Ned, a ferryman.
Ned Woods, called "Noseless Ned".
Nella
Nestor Royce, High Steward of the Vale.
Nettles, a dragonseed and rider of Sheepstealer during the Dance of the Dragons.
Nightingale, a courtesan.
Nissa Nissa, wife of Azor Ahai in legend.
Noho Dimittis
Nolla
Norbert Vance
Norjen
Normund Tyrell
Norne Goodbrother
Norren, an archmaester.
Notch
Nute the Barber
Nymella Toland
Nymeria, legendary warrior woman.
Nymeria Sand, second of the Sand Snakes, illegitimate daughter of Oberyn Martell.
Nymos, an archmaester of the Citadel.
Nysterica


O
Obara Sand, eldest of the Sand Snakes, illegitimate daughter of Oberyn Martell
Obella Sand, sixth of the Sand Snakes, daughter of Oberyn Martell and Ellaria Sand.
Oberyn Martell, the Red Viper.
Ocley, an archmaester of the Citadel.
Ogo
Old Bill Bones, a sellsword.
Old Crackbones
Old Grey Gull
Old Henly, a member of the Night's Watch.
Old Tattersalt, a member of the Night's Watch.
Olene Tyrell
Olenna Redwyne, known as the "Queen of Thorns", mother of Lord Mace Tyrell.
Ollidor, a septon.
Ollo Lophand
Olymer Tyrell
Olyvar Frey, squire of King Robb Stark.
Olyvar Oakheart.
Omer Blackberry, one of Stannis Baratheon's sworn swords.
Omer Florent, a Maester of The Citadel, in service at Old Oak. Son of Ser Colin Florent.
Ondrew Locke
Orbelo, a bravo.
Orbert Caswell, a former Lord Commander of the Night's Watch.
Ordello, magister of Pentos.
Orell, called "the Eagle", a wildling skinchanger.
Orivel, called "Orivel the Open-Handed".
Orland of Oldtown, a singer.
Ormond, a knight.
Ormond Osgrey
Ormond Westerling
Ormond Yronwood
Ormund Wylde
Oro Tendyris
Orwyle, Grand Maester during the reign of Viserys I.
Orphan Oss
Orton Merryweather, a Tyrell bannerman and husband of Taena Merryweather.
Orys Baratheon, founder of House Baratheon, bastard half-brother of Aegon the Conquerer.
Osbert Serry, Lord of Southshield.
Osfryd Kettleblack, a sellsword and brother to Osmund and Osney.
Osha, wildling warrior captured by Robb Stark.
Osmund Frey
Osmund Kettleblack, a sellsword knight and brother to Osfryd and Osney.
Osmynd
Osney Kettleblack, a sellsword and brother to Osfryd and Osmund.
Ossifer Plumm
Ossy, a mule-handller.
Oswell Kettleblack, a sellsword and father of Ser Osmund, Osfryd, and Osney.
Oswell Whent
Oswyn
Othell Yarwyck
Otho Bracken, called "the Brute of Bracken".
Othor
Otter Gimpknee
Otto Hightower
Ottomore, a maester.
Ottyn Wythers
Owen, better known as Owen the Oaf.
Owen, the brother of Septon Meribald.
Owen Inchfield
Owen Norrey
Oznak zo Pahl


P
Palla
Parmen Crane, the Purple knight of the Rainbow Guard.
Patchface, lackwit fool at Dragonstone.
Pate, a novice at the Citadel.
Pate, Prince Tommen's whipping boy.
Pate, better known as Pate of Lancewood.
Pate, better known as Pate of Mory.
Pate of the Blue Fork
Pate, called Old Pate.
Pate, called Pinchbottom Pate.
Pate of the Night's Watch
Pate, better known as Pate of Shermer's Grove.
Pate, one of Standfast's smallfolk.
Patrek Mallister, heir to Seagard.
Patrek Vance
Paxter Redwyne, Lord of the Arbor.
Pearse Caron
Penny, a dwarf.
Penny Jenny, a whore.
Perra Frey
Perriane Frey
Perros Blackmont
Perwyn Frey, a knight.
Perwyn Osgrey, called "the Proud". Founder of House Osgrey.
Peter Plumm
Petyr Baelish, called Littlefinger, master of coin.
Petyr Frey, called "Petyr Pimple".
Philip Foote, a knight.
Philip Plumm
Pia, called "Pretty Pia".
Plummer
Podrick Payne, a timid squire of a lesser branch of House Payne.
Poetess, a courtesan.
Pollitor
Polliver, captain of Gregor Clegane's men.
Pono
Porridge, a gaoler at Dragonstone.
Porther
Portifer Woodwright, a household knight.
Poul Pemford
Poxy Tym, a guardsman at Winterfell.
Praed
Prendahl na Ghezn, a captain of the Stormcrows.
Preston Greenfield, a knight of the Kingsguard.
Puckens
Pudding
Puddingfoot
Pyat Pree, one of Qarth's warlocks.
Pycelle, the Grand Maester.
Pyg, a member of the Brave Companions.
Pylos, the maester of Dragonstone.
Pypar, a man of the Night's Watch.


Q
Qalen
Qarl the Maid, an ironman.
Qarl the Thrall, an ironman.
Qarl Correy, a household knight.
Qarl Kenning, an ironman.
Qarl Quickaxe, an ironman.
Qarl Shepherd, an ironman.
Qarlton Chelsted, a Hand of the King.
Qarro Volentin, First Sword of Braavos.
Qezza, a child hostage in Meereen, of the Galare family.
Qhorin Halfhand, called "Halfhand", an experienced ranger of the Night's Watch.
Lord Commander Qorgyle, a leader of the Night's Watch.
Qos
Qotho
Quaithe of the Shadow, a shadowbinder from Asshai.
Quaro, one of Khal Drogo's bloodriders.
Quellon Botley, second son of Lord Germund Botley.
Quellon Greyjoy
Quellon Humble
Quence, a mummer.
Quent
Quenten Banefort
Quentin Tyrell
Quenton Greyjoy
Quenton Hightower
Quentyn Ball, called "Fireball" .
Quentyn Blackwood
Quentyn Martell, oldest son of Prince Doran Martell.
Quentyn Qorgyle, Lord of Sandstone.
Quhuru Mo
Quickfinger, a failed assassin during the Blackfyre Rebellion.
Quill, a playwright in Braavos.
Quincy Cox, the Knight of Saltpans.
Quort
Qyburn, a Maester stripped of his chain.
Qyle


R
Racallio Ryndoon
Rafe
Rafford, called "Raff the Sweetling" or "Raff". A soldier under Ser Gregor Clegane.
Ragnor Pyke, an ironborn raider.
Ragwyle, a wildling spearwife.
Rainbow Knight, a famous knight.
Rakharo, bloodrider to Daenerys Targaryen.
Ralf, known as "Ralf the Limper".
Ralf, known as "Ralf of Lordsport".
Ralf, known as "Ralf the Shepherd".
Ralf Kenning
Ralf Stonehouse
Ramsay Snow, called "The Bastard of Bolton".
Randa
Randyll Tarly, Lord of House Tarly and a Tyrell bannerman.
Rast
Rat Cook
Rattleshirt, the self-styled "Lord o' Bones".
Ravella Swann
Rawney, a brother on the Quiet Isle.
Raymar Royce
Raymond Nayland
Raymun Redbeard, a King-Beyond-the-Wall.
Raymun Darry
Raymun Fossoway
Raymund Frey
Raymund Tyrell
Raynald Westerling
Raynard, a septon.
Raynard Ruttiger
Red Alyn of the Rosewood, a member of the Night's Watch.
Red Lamb, a former slave now in training as a squire to Ser Barristan Selmy.
Red Oarsman, an ironborn raider.
Red Rolfe, an ironborn raider.
Redtusk
Redwyn
Reek, a repellent companion to Ramsay Snow.
Regenard Estren
Renfred Rykker, Lord of Duskendale.
Renly Baratheon, King in Highgarden.
Renly Norcross
Rennifer Longwaters
Reynard Webber, Lord of House Webber.
Reysen
Reznak mo Reznak, seneschal.
Rhae Targaryen, daughter of Maekar I Targaryen.
Rhaegar Frey
Rhaegar Targaryen, Prince of Dragonstone, heir to King Aerys II.
Rhaegel Targaryen
Rhaego, son of Daenerys Targaryen.
Rhaella Targaryen
Rhaelle Targaryen, sister to Aegon V.
Rhaena Targaryen, daughter of Prince Daemon Targaryen and Lady Laena Velaryon
Rhaena Targaryen, daughter of King Aegon III Targaryen
Rhaenys Targaryen, sister and wife to Aegon the Conquerer.
Rhaenys Targaryen, the Queen Who Never Was.
Rhaenys Targaryen, the daughter of Rhaegar Targaryen.
Rhea Florent
Rhea Royce, first wife of Prince Daemon Targaryen, Lady of Runestone.
Rhialta Vance
Rhogoro
Rhonda Rowan, the wife of Ser Baelor Hightower.
Ricasso
Richard Farrow
Richard Horpe, a knight.
Richard Lonmouth
Rickard Karstark, Lord of Karhold and a Stark bannerman.
Rickard Ryswell
Rickard Stark, King in the North.
Rickard Stark, father of Eddard Stark.
Rickard Thorne, a member of the Kingsguard during the reign of Viserys I.
Rickard Tyrell
Rickard Wylde
Rickon Stark, youngest child of Eddard Stark.
Rigney
Rob
Robar Royce
Robb Reyne
Robb Stark, eldest son of Lord Eddard Stark and Lady Catelyn Tully.
Robert Arryn, young Lord of the Eyrie.
Robert Ashford
Robert Baratheon, the First of his Name, King of the Seven Kingdoms.
Robert Brax
Robert Brax, the eldest son of Ser Flement Brax.
Robert Flowers, known as "Red Robert Flowers".
Robert Frey, the son of Rhaegar Frey.
Robert Frey, the son of Ser Raymund Frey.
Robert Paege
Robett Glover
Robin, the brother of Septon Meribald.
Robin Flint, an escort for Lady Catelyn Stark. Killed at the Red Wedding.
Robin Greyjoy
Robin Hill
Robin Hollard
Robin Moreland, head of House Moreland.
Robin Potter
Robin Ryger, captain-of-the-guard at Riverrun and friend to Hoster Tully and Edmure Tully.
Robyn Rhysling
Rodrik Cassel, a knight and master-at-arms of Winterfell.
Rodrik Flint
Rodrik Freeborn
Rodrik Greyjoy, eldest son of Balon Greyjoy, killed in the Greyjoy Rebellion.
Rodrik Harlaw, called the Reader, Lord of Harlaw.
Rodrik Ryswell, Lord of the Rills.
Rodrik Stark
Rodrik Stark, known as Wandering Wolf.
Rodwell Stark
Roelle
Roger of Pennytree, nephew and squire to Ser Arlan of Pennytree, died at the Battle of the Redgrass Field.
Roger Hogg
Roger Ryswell
Roggo, a cutpurse.
Rohanne Webber
Roland Crakehall, Lord of Crakehall.
Roland Crakehall, a knight of King Daeron II's Kingsguard.
Rolder, a guardsman.
Rolfe, an ironborn raider.
Rollam Westerling
Rolland Darklyn, a knight of the Kingsguard.
Rolland Longthorpe, Lord of Longsister.
Rolland Storm
Rolland Uffering, Lady Rohanne Webber's fourth husband, died in the Great Spring Sickness.
Rolley
Rolly Duckfield, a knight.
Rolph Spicer
Romny Weaver
Ronald Connington, cousin of Lord Jon Connington and father of Ser Ronnet Connington.
Ronald Storm, bastard son of Ronnet Connington.
Ronald Vance
Ronel Rivers
Ronnel Arryn
Ronnel Harclay
Ronnel Stout
Ronnet Connington, the Knight of Griffin's Roost.
Roone, a novice at the Citadel.
Roone, a maester in service to House Lychester.
Roose Bolton, Lord of the Dreadfort.
Roose Ryswell
Rorge, noseless prisoner of the black cells at King's Landing.
Roro Uhoris
Roryn Drumm
Rosamund Lannister, friend of Myrcella Lannister.
Rosey
Roslin Frey
Rossart, last Hand of Aerys II.
Rowan, a wildling spearwife.
Royce Coldwater, Lord of Coldwater Burn.
Rudge
Rufus Leek
Rugen
Runcel Hightower
Runciter, a Grand Maester
Rupert Brax
Rupert Crabb
Rus
Rusty Flowers, member of Night's Watch.
Ryam, an archmaester of the Citadel.
Ryam Florent
Ryam Redwyne, historic Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.
Rycherd Crane
Ryella Frey
Ryella Royce
Ryger Rivers
Ryk, known as Longspear, a wildling.
Rylene Florent
Ryles
Ryman Frey, eldest son of Ser Stevron Frey.
Rymolf
Rymund the Rhymer, a singer.
Ryon Allyrion


S
S'vrone, a dockside prostitute in Braavos.
Saathos the Wise
Saera Targaryen, daughter of King Jaehaerys I Targaryen and Queen Alysanne Targaryen.
Sailor's Wife, a prostitute in Braavos.
Salladhor Saan, a Lyseni pirate.
Sallei Paege
Sallor the Bald, former captain of the Stormcrows.
Salloreon
Sam Stoops, the steward of Standfast.
Samwell Spicer
Samwell Stone, called "Strong Sam Stone".
Samwell Tarly, sometimes called "Sam the Slayer" or "Lord Piggy".
Sandor Clegane, known throughout Westeros as "The Hound". Member of the Kingsguard.
Sandor Frey
Sansa Stark
Sarella Sand, fourth of the Sand Snakes, illegitimate daughter of Oberyn Martell.
Sargon Botley
Sarra Frey
Sarya Whent, the fifth wife of Lord Walder Frey
Satin, soldier of the Night's Watch.
Sawane Botley, Lord of Lordsport on Pyke.
Sawwood
Scarb
Scolera, a septa.
Sebaston Farman, Lord of Fair Isle.
Sedgekins
Sefton, a septon.
Selmond Stackspear
Selwyn Tarth, called the Evenstar, Lord of Tarth.
Selyse Florent, of House Florent, wife of Stannis Baratheon.
Senelle
Serala of Myr.
Serra, the second wife of Illyrio Mopatis.
Serra Frey
Serwyn of the Mirror Shield, a legendary Kingsguard knight.
Shadrick of the Shady Glen, a hedge knight in Hibald's service.
Shae, 18-year-old whore in the service of Tyrion Lannister during his tenure as King Joffrey's Hand.
Shagga, son of Dolf. A leader of the Stone Crows clan from the Mountains of the Moon.
Shagwell, called "the Fool". A member of the Brave Companions
Sharna, innkeep at the Inn of the Kneeling Man.
Shella, the famous love of the Rainbow Knight.
Shella Whent, formerly Lady of Harrenhal.
Sherrit
Shiera Crakehall
Shiera Seastar, one of the Great Bastards of King Aegon IV. Frequent paramour of Lord Bloodraven.
Shierle Swyft
Shireen Baratheon, young daughter of Stannis Baratheon who has been deformed by the greyscale disease.
Shirei Frey
Shortear
Shyra
Shyra Errol
Sigfry Stonetree
Sigfryd Harlaw
Sigrin, a Lordsport shipwright.
Simon Leygood, suitor of Rohanne Webber.
Simon Staunton, Lady Rohanne Webber's third husband, choked upon a chicken bone.
Simon Toyne, an infamous outlaw of the Kingswood Brotherhood. Killed by Ser Barristan the Bold.
Skahaz mo Kandaq, the Shavepate.
Skinner, one of Ramsay Bolton's Bastard's Boys.
Skittrick
Sky Blue Su
Skyte
Sleepy Jack, a former Lord Commander of the Night's Watch.
Sloey, a mummer.
Small Paul, a man of the Night's Watch.
Smiling Knight, an infamous outlaw of the Kingswood Brotherhood. Killed by Ser Arthur Dayne.
Soren Shieldbreaker, a famed wildling warrior.
Sour Alyn, one of Ramsay Bolton's Bastard's Boys.
Spare Boot
Softfoot, a member of the Night's Watch.
Spotted Cat, a pit fighter in Meereen.
Spotted Pate of Maidenpool, a member of the Night's Watch.
Squint
Squirrel, a wildling spearwife.
Stafford Lannister
Stalwart Shield, an Unsullied.
Stannis Baratheon, brother of King Robert Baratheon.
Stannis Seaworth, son of Davos Seaworth.
Lord Staunton, Lord of Rook's Rest during the Dance of the Dragons.
Steelskin, a pit fighter in Meereen, later made a guard to Hizdahr zo Loraq.
Steely Pate
Steffarion Sparr
Steffon Baratheon, father of Robert, Stannis, and Renly.
Steffon Fossoway
Steffon Frey
Steffon Hollard
Steffon Seaworth, youngest son of Davos Seaworth.
Steffon Stackspear
Steffon Swyft
Steffon Darklyn, a member of the Kingsguard during the reign of Viserys I.
Steffon Varner
Stevron Frey, heir to The Twins.
Stiv
Stone Thumbs
Stonehand, an ironborn raider.
Stonesnake, a member of the Night's Watch.
Stygg
Styr, called "the Magnar of Thenn". Leader of the Thenn.
Sumner Crakehall
Sybassion, the Eater of Eyes.
Sybell Spicer
Sybelle Glover, wife of Master Robett Glover
Sylas
Sylas Flatnose
Sylva Santagar, close companion of Princess Arianne Martell.
Sylwa Paege
Symeon Star-Eyes, legendary hero.
Symon Hollard
Symon Santagar, the Knight of Spottswood.
Symon Silver Tongue, a singer.
Symon Stripeback, former slave
Symond Botley, a younger son of Lord Sawane Botley.
Symond Frey
Symond Templeton, the Knight of Ninestars.
Syrio Forel, former First Sword of Braavos.


T
Taena of Myr, Myrish beauty. Wife of Orton Merryweather and Lady of the House. Confidante and pillow-friend to Queen Cersei.
Tagganaro, a cutpurse.
Tal Toraq, a Summer Islander and former slave, freed by Daenerys Targaryen, later named commander of the Stalwart Shields.
Talea, the daughter of Brusco.
Talla Tarly
Tallad, called Tallad the Tall, a knight.
Tanda Stokeworth, Lady of House Stokeworth.
Tanselle, called "Tanselle Too-Tall", a Dornish puppeteer accosted by Aerion Brightflame and rescued by Ser Duncan the Tall.
Tansy, a serving wench.
Tansy, an orphan.
Tanton Fossoway
Tarber
Tarle, the Thrice-Drowned.
Temmo
Ternesio Terys
Terrance Lynderly, the heir to the Snakewood.
Terrence Kenning
Terrence Toyne
Terro, a bravo.
Theo Frey
Theo Wull
Theobald, an archmaester.
Theodan Wells, a pious knight.
Theodore Tyrell
Theomar Smallwood, Lord of Acorn Hall.
Theomore, a maester in service at White Harbor.
Theomore Harlaw
Theon Greyjoy, only living son of Balon Greyjoy and heir to the Iron Islands.
Theon Stark
Thistle, a wildling.
Thoren Smallwood
Thormor Ironmaker
Thoros of Myr, a red priest of R'hllor in King's Landing.
Three Toes, a Brave Companion.
Three-Tooth
The Tickler, a soldier and expert torturer serving Gregor Clegane.
Tim Stone, a ranger and Sworn Brother of the Night's Watch.
Tim Tangletongue, a steward at Castle Black.
Timeon of Dorne, a Brave Companion.
Timett, son of Timett. Leader of the Burned Men clan of the Mountains of the Moon.
Timett, father of Timett.
Timon the Scrapesword, a famed knight.
Timoth, a servant.
Tion Frey, son of Emmon Frey and Genna Lannister.
Titus Peake
Tobbot
Tobho Mott, a master armorer in King's Landing.
Todder
Todric
Toefinger
Togg Joth, a Brave Companion. Originally from Ibben.
Tom Costayne, known as "Long Tom Costayne".
Tom of Sevenstreams, a singer. Also called Tom O'Sevens.
TomToo, son of Tomard
Tomard, called "Fat Tom". A guardsman at King's Landing.
Tommard Heddle
Tommen Baratheon, youngest child of Robert Baratheon and Cersei Lannister.
Tommen Costayne
Torbert
Toregg the Tall, eldest son of Tormund Giantsbane.
Tormund, known as "Giantsbane" among other titles.
Torrek
Torren Liddle, the Liddle.
Torrhen Karstark
Torrhen Stark, the King Who Knelt.
Torwold Browntooth
Torwynd
Tothmure
Trebor Jordayne, Lord of the Tor.
Tregar
Tregar Ormollen
Tremond Gargalen, Lord of Salt Shore.
Tristan Mudd, a Lord Commander of the Night's Watch
Tristan Ryger
Tristifer Botley
Tristifer IV Mudd
Tristifer V Mudd
Tristimun
Triston of Tally Hill, a knight.
Triston Farwynd, Lord of Sealskin Point.
Triston Sunderland, Lord of the Three Sisters.
Trystane Martell, youngest child of Prince Doran Martell.
Tuffleberry
Tumberjon
Tumco Lho, a Basilisk Islander and former pit fighting slave, now in training as a squire to Ser Barristan Selmy.
Turnip
Turquin
Tya Lannister
Tyana Wylde
Tybero Istarion, called "Inkpots", paymaster of the sellsword company the Second Sons.
Tybolt Crakehall
Tybolt Hetherspoon
Tybolt Lannister
Tycho Nestoris, envoy of the Iron Bank.
Tyene Sand, third of the Sand Snakes, illegitimate daughter of Oberyn Martell.
Tygett Lannister
Tyland Lannister, master of ships during the reign of Viserys I.
Tymor
Tyrek Lannister
Tyrion Lannister, called "The Imp".
Tyrion Tanner
Tysane Frey, eldest daughter of Lothar Frey.
Tysha, Tyrion Lannister's first wife
Tyta Frey
Tytos Blackwood, Lord of House Blackwood.
Tytos Brax
Tytos Frey
Tytos Lannister
Tywin Frey, son of Ser Cleos Frey.
Tywin Frey, the son of Ser Raymund Frey,
Tywin Lannister, Lord of Casterly Rock, father of Jaime, Cersei, and Tyrion Lannister.


U
Ulf son of Umar, of the Moon Brothers.
Ulf the Ill, an ironborn raider placed under Theon's authority.
Ulf the White
Uller
Ulmer
Ulrick Dayne, a past Sword of the Morning.
Ulwyck Uller
Umar, the father of Ulf.
Umfred
Umma, a cook.
Unella, a septa.
Urreg
Urek Ironmaker, grandson of Erik Ironmaker.
Urras Ironfoot
Urrathon Night-Walker
Urrigon Greyjoy
Urron Greyiron
Urswyck, called "Faithful Urswyck". A member of the Brave Companions mercenary company.
Urzen
Utherydes Wayn, steward of Riverrun and House Tully.
Uthor Tollett, the Lord of the Grey Glen.
Uthor Underleaf
Utt, a septon and member of the Brave Companions mercenary company.


V
Vaellyn, an Archamester.
Vaemond Velaryon
Val
Valaena Velaryon, mother of Aegon the Conqueror and his sisters Visenya and Rhaenys.
Valarr Targaryen
Varamyr, called "Varamyr Sixskins". A wildling skinchanger.
Vardis Egen, knight and Captain-of-guards at the Eyrie.
Vargo Hoat, captain of the Brave Companions, a sellsword company. A Qohorik. Known for hacking limbs (typically hands and feet) off captives.
Varly
Varys, the Spider. Lord of Whispers.
Vayon Poole, steward to Winterfell and House Stark.
Veiled Lady, a courtesan.
Vickon Botley, a younger son of Lord Sawane.
Vickon Greyjoy
Victaria Tyrell
Victarion Greyjoy, brother of Lord Balon, Captain of the Iron Fleet.
Victor Tyrell
Violet
Visenya Targaryen, sister and wife to Aegon the Conquerer.
Viserys Plumm
Viserys Targaryen, exiled son of Aerys II, calling himself King Viserys III.
Viserys I Targaryen
Viserys II Targaryen
Vortimer Crane
Vulture King
Vylarr
Vyman


W
The Waif
Walda Frey, the daughter of Edwyn Frey.
Walda Frey, the daughter of Lothar Frey.
Walda Frey, called "Fair Walda".
Walda Frey, called "Fat Walda".
Walda Frey, called "White Walda".
Walda Rivers, the daughter of Ser Walder Rivers.
Walda Rivers, the young daughter of Ser Aemon Rivers.
Walder Brax
Walder Frey, called "Big Walder". A ward of Winterfell.
Walder Frey, called "Black Walder".
Walder Frey, called "Little Walder". A ward of Winterfell.
Walder Frey, called "Red Walder".
Walder Frey, called "The Late Lord Frey". Lord of the Crossing.
Walder Goodbrook
Walder Haigh
Walder Rivers, called "Bastard Walder".
Walder Vance.
Waldon Wynch, Lord of Iron Holt.
Walgrave
Wallace Waynwood, the youngest son of Lady Anya Waynwood.
Wallen
Walton Frey
Walton Stark
Walton, called "Steelshanks." Captain of Roose Bolton's guards.
Waltyr Frey
Walys Flowers
Warren
Warryn Beesbury, Lord of Honeyholt.
Wat, member of the Night's Watch.
Wat, known as Wat Barleycorn.
Wat the Blue Bard, a singer.
Wat, an orphan.
Wat, a member of the crew of the Brazen Monkey.
Wat, in service at Standfast.
Wat, known as Wet Wat.
Wat, better known as 'Whitesmile Wat'. A singer.
Wate
Watt
Watty
Waymar Royce.
Wayn, a guard of House Stark.
Weasel
The Weeper, an infamous wildling raider.
Weese, servant overseer at Harrenhal. A soldier in the service of Ser Gregor Clegane.
Wenda
Wendamyr, a Maester in service on Pyke.
Wendel Frey
Wendel Manderly, second son of Lord Wyman Manderly.
Wendell Webber
Wendello Qar Deeth
Werlag
Wex Pyke, squire to Prince Theon Greyjoy.
Whalen Frey
Wilbert, the Knight of Stoney Sept.
Wilbert Osgrey, the "Little Lion".
Will, a ranger of the Night's Watch.
Will, called Fletcher Will.
Will, called "Hookface". a guard at Dragonstone.
Will, an orphan.
Will, the squire of Ser Uthor Underleaf.
Will, in service at Standfast.
Will, a knight known as "Will the Stork".
Will, nicknamed Treb.
Will Humble
Willamen Frey, a maester.
Willam, the brother of Septon Meribald.
Willam Dustin, slain fighting the Kingsguard at the Tower of Joy.
Willam Stark
Willam Wells, a knight.
Willam Wythers, captain of the guard.
Willas Tyrell, heir to Highgarden. A cripple.
Willem Darry, master-at-arms for the Red Keep.
Willem Frey, son of Ser Cleos Frey.
Willem Lannister, son of Ser Kevan Lannister.
Willem Wylde, a knight of the Kingsguard during the reign of Daeron II.
William Mooton, the Lord of Maidenpool.
Willifer, an archmaester of the Citadel.
Willis Fell, a member of the Kingsguard during the reign of Viserys I.
Willis Wode
Willit
Willow Heddle, sister of Jeyne Heddle.
Willow Witch-eye, a wildling spearwife.
Willum, an old knight.
Wolmer
Woth
Wulfe
Wun Weg Wun Dar Wun, a giant, called Wun Wun.
Wyl, a guard of House Stark.
Wyl the Whittler
Wyl Waynwood, slain at the Battle of the Redgrass Field.
Wylis Manderly, a knight and heir to White Harbor.
Wylla, servant of House Dayne.
Wylla Manderly
Wyman Manderly, Lord of White Harbor.
Wynafrei Whent
Wynafryd Manderly, the eldest daughter of Ser Wylis Manderly.
Wynton Stout, an elderly knight of the Night's Watch.


X
Xaro Xhoan Daxos, a merchant prince of Qarth.
Xhondo


Y
Yandry, master of the poleboat, Shy Maid.
Yellow Dick, man-at-arms sworn to House Bolton.
Ygon Farwynd
Ygon Oldfather, a wildling clan chief.
Ygritte, a red-haired wildling woman said to be lucky and kissed by fire.
Yna, a prostitute at the Happy Port.
Yohn Farwynd
Yohn Royce, called "Bronze Yohn". Lord of Runestone.
Yoren, senior "Wandering Crow" or recruiter for the Night's Watch.
Yorkel
Yorko Terys
Yormwell
Young Henly, a member of the Night's Watch.
Ysilla, the wife of Yandry.
Ysilla Royce


Z
Zachery Frey
Zarabelo, an archmaster of the Citadel.
Zei
Zekko
Zharaq zo Loraq, called "the Liberator", a famous ancestor of the House of Loraq.
Zhoe Blanetree
Zia Frey
Zollo, called "Fat Zollo". A Dothraki sellsword and member of the Brave Companions.